W-10647418 (#666)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshoot-guide.adoc

* xref:install-rtfctl.adoc#commands-for-managing-the-runtime-fabric-appliance[Commands for Managing the Runtime Fabric Appliance]
* https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/Rtfctl-Client-Certificate-Expiration-Warning[Rtfctl Client Certificate Expiration Warning^]

== Troubleshoot Inconsistencies After Backing Up and Restoring Rutime Fabric

After restoring a cluster from a backup, you may see some inconsistencies in Runtime Manager, for example: 

* An application you deleted shows as running
* A recently deployed application is listed with 0 replicas
* A deployment's replica count does not match the number of replicas you specified in Runtime Manager

> In each of these circumstances, verify that the deployments appear in *Applying* status and that a corresponding API call reveals that the `status` and `desiredState` fields do not match. See xref:manage-backup-restore.adoc#back-up-and-restore-process-does-not-affect-the-control-plane[The Back Up and Restore Process Does Not Affect the Control Plane] for an explanation of the root cause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each of these circumstances, verify that the deployments status appears as *applying* and that a corresponding API call reveals that the `status` and `desiredState` fields do not match. See xref:manage-backup-restore.adoc#back-up-and-restore-process-does-not-affect-the-control-plane[The Back Up and Restore Process Does Not Affect the Control Plane] for an explanation of the root cause.
```

* xref:install-rtfctl.adoc#commands-for-managing-the-runtime-fabric-appliance[Commands for Managing the Runtime Fabric Appliance]
* https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/Rtfctl-Client-Certificate-Expiration-Warning[Rtfctl Client Certificate Expiration Warning^]

== Troubleshoot Inconsistencies After Backing Up and Restoring Rutime Fabric

After a restoring a cluster from a backup, you may see some inconsistencies in Runtime Manager, for example: 

* An application you deleted shows as running
* A recently deployed application is listed with 0 replicas
* A deployment's replica count does not match the number of replicas you specified in Runtime Manager

> In each of these circumstances, verify that the deployments appear in *Applying* status and that a corresponding API call reveals that the `status` and `desiredState` fields do not match. The root cause is explained in xref:manage-backup-restore.adoc#back-up-and-restore-process-does-not-affect-the-control-plane[The Back Up and Restore Process Does Not Affect the Control Plane].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each of these circumstances, verify that the deployments appear in *Applying* status and that a corresponding API call reveals that the `status` and `desiredState` fields do not match. See xref:manage-backup-restore.adoc#back-up-and-restore-process-does-not-affect-the-control-plane[The Back Up and Restore Process Does Not Affect the Control Plane] for an explanation of the root cause.
```
